[DOCS-6969] What's New update for ACS 7.3 (#851)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: content-services/latest/release/index.md

title: What's new
---

Alfresco Content Services (ACS) 7.3 is a minor software update release with improvements to Content Services to accelerate use and development for customer solutions for PaaS, Cloud, or on-premises deployment. With this release, Alfresco continues to enable open-source communities, customers, and partners to deliver a highly scalable Content Store with numerous applications, connectivity, and solutions.

> **Note:** Alfresco customers can view more detailed Release Notes in [Hyland Community](https://community.hyland.com/){:target="_blank"}.

Here's a quick summary of what's new in the Alfresco Content Services 7.3 release.

## Highlights

* **New License**

> * **Activiti Console removed**

Reviewer: Let's go with the following order:
- Java 17 support
- Search Enterprise 2.3 support
- New License
- Activiti console removal.

I've also changed the order in the PDF release notes.

> * **Activiti Console removed**

Author: @HeinRagas I've updated the order, but can you link the updated release notes in the DOCS ticket please? I want to confirm the Search Enterprise support version and heading to use.

> * **Activiti Console removed**

Reviewer 2: Search Enterprise 3.2 is the correct version 👍🏼

### Activiti Console removed

As part of the gradual decommissioning of the embedded workflow engine, the embedded Activiti Workflow Console has been removed from Alfresco Content Services.

### Java 17 support

Alfresco Content Services 7.3 now supports running on Java 17. See the Supported Platforms page for all supported technologies.

### Support for Alfresco Search Enterprise 3.2 with Elasticsearch and OpenSearch

Enables organizations to easily deploy, use and scale Elasticsearch or OpenSearch with Alfresco.  7.3 builds on 7.2 and further extends support to Elasticsearch and OpenSearch.

## Deprecated software

> We are ending support for the Share based module for SAML and replacing it with an Identity Service (IDS) based solution, that will greatly improve the customer SSO experience.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We are ending support for the Alfresco SAML SSO module, previously used to configure SAML authentication in Alfresco Office Service (AOS). Coherently with other components in Alfresco, the new solution is now based on an Identity Service (IDS) via OAuth2 that will greatly improve the customer SSO experience. Configuring SAML will still be possible but as part of identity provider configuration.
```
